welcome to review recapped
today we will be showing you an american
dark thriller movie named
a cure for wellness
help us grow by subscribing and turning
on the notifications please
spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
in the opening scene a man named morris
is working late in his office
he starts to experience pain in his
chest
morris goes to get some water when the
pain gets worse we see then he suffers a
heart attack and collapses on the floor
as he dies
in the next scene we see mr lockhart on
a train headed to work
he is very much into his work and seems
rude and careless to others
lockhart goes to a meeting with the
board of directors
they discuss a note sent by the
company's ceo roland pembroke who was
supposed to be away for two weeks at a
spa in the swiss alps but has not
returned since and as the note indicates
he appears to have had some sort of
breakdown green shows lockhart an
illegal document he handed in that is
now under investigation by the sec
lockhart is ordered to bring pembroke
back unless he wants to face the penalty
for his action
in a flashback we see lockhart visiting
his elderly mother at a care home
she carries a small music box with a
ballerina whose eyes are shut lockhart
asks his mother about the eyes and she
tells him that she is dreaming and only
she doesn't know that she is in a dream
lockhart's mother dies and is cremated
before his departure and he kept the
ballerina upon arriving in switzerland
lockhart takes a ride from a taxi driver
named enrico while riding up the hill to
the spa a villager throws a drink at the
car and rico explains that the villagers
have a bad history with the people that
live on the hill
enrico reveals that there is a story of
a baron who wanted to protect his
bloodline by marrying his sister after
learning she was infertile the baron
began performing experiments on the
villagers which led to them revolting
and burning the baron's sister alive
lockhart arrives at the spa but visiting
hours have just ended he finds pembroke
in the bath house where he goes for a
swim
lockhart urges pembroke to go to new
york with him pembroke appears fine and
not interested in leaving
lockhart leaves within rico and tells
him to take him to a hotel to make a
phone call since he has no service on
the hill
another flashback shows a young lockhart
in a car with his father
his father drove over a bridge on a
rainy day as he hears on the radio that
stock market has crashed and numerous
jobs are gone he pulls over and walks
over to the edge of the bridge
lockhart watched as his father jumped
from the bridge and dies leaving the boy
in the car
on the way to the hotel a deer runs out
from the woods and into the road and
rico hits the deer which gets stuck in
the windshield and causes the car to
swerve off the road and crash into a
ditch lockhart awakens three days later
in a room at the spa after the accident
he meets the spas director dr vollmer
who points out that he suffered a broken
leg as a result of the accident vollmer
says he notified mr green his employer
about the accident he tells lockhart to
try out the spa's treatments during his
stay
he is put to stay in a room where he
hears the toilet handle rattling by
itself
lockhart also takes a drink of water and
finds a tiny insect creature floating in
the glass
lockhart meets three patients frank hill
ron nair and victoria watkins watkins in
particular enjoys crossword puzzles the
three of them all seem perfectly pleased
with their treatments
lockhart then meets hannah a young woman
who considers herself a special case
she and several other patients plus
fulmer and other staff members are
frequently seen taking vitamin droplets
from a blue bottle
lockhart undergoes treatment inside a
water tank
the water fills up and the orderly
tending to lockhart gets distracted
later it is shown that the tank fills up
with eels causing him to panic
lockhart rises and has his breathing
tube pulled off by a kneel
he nearly drowns until he gets the tank
to open and spill the water out
watkins relays the barren story to
lockhart when he brings it up to her
she mentions that the spa was built on
the remains of his castle after the
villagers burned it down
watkins says that the baby was cut out
of the baron's sister's womb and then
thrown into an aquifer but it survived
she also mentions that she doesn't know
lockhart gives hannah his ballerina
figurine in exchange for a bike ride
into town
the two go together and stop at a local
tavern
lockhart buys himself and hannah beers
and runs into enrico who survived the
crash and was given a new car with money
that the spa gave him
hannah stays to listen to music and do a
dance by herself in front of the other
patrons
lockhart comes across a barn with a mute
child who is drawing the castle fire his
father peter approaches lockhart
lockhart asks questions regarding the
spa in its history peter then goes to a
cow that is ailing and ready to die
he cuts the cow's stomach open and out
spills a stillborn calf and some eels
when lockhart rejoins hannah at the bar
he sees a ponder dancing next to hannah
lockhart tries to get him away from her
but the punk attacks lockhart he is
saved by dr vollmer who arrives to pick
up lockhart and hannah lockhart gets in
touch with green who demands to know
what happened with him in pembroke
lockhart mentions that volmer called
them about the accident but green knows
nothing about the accident until
lockhart just mentioned it he orders
lockhart to return to new york with
pembroke within the next 24 hours
lockhart's tooth comes loose and he must
pull it out himself
he brings it to a staff member who
places it in water lockhart then goes
off to continue looking for answers he
sneaks past the staff as he goes through
several wings
he comes across one room where several
patients including pembroke are kept
inside water tanks appearing dead
he also finds an underground area with a
pool where dead bodies are dumped in and
fed to eels one of those dead bodies
happens to be mrs watkins
when lockhart tries to return to his
room he is found by the caretaker along
with volmer and another staff member
lockhart mentions the issue with his
tooth
he is taken into a room and strapped
down as he has a drill force through his
front tooth
lockhart escapes the spa and heads into
town to report valmer's experiments to a
police officer
volmer and his staff member arrived to
bring lockhart back
lockhart mentions the tanks and how he
saw pembroke pembroke then emerges alive
and well backing up fullmer's claims
that lockhart threatened pembroke and
saying he would bring him back to new
york by force if necessary
lockhart has no choice but to return
with volmer after undergoing more
treatments lockhart starts to act and
think that he is also not well and must
stay for a cure he has a moment of
clarity while writing a note to his
employers where he thinks to himself
that no man can unsee the truth
meanwhile hannah is using the pool and
has her first period he'll start
swimming near her but then they start
swimming in a perfect circle around her
lockhart then breaks a glass and uses a
shard to cut open his cast revealing
that his leg was never broken
he runs out of his room and finds hannah
she is panicked and hits lockhart in the
face as he tries to help her hannah runs
and finds volmer in a room where he the
staff and some patients are having
dinner
lockhart runs in and starts to tell
everyone that volmer is a liar and is
the one responsible for everyone being
sick due to whatever is in the water
which is responsible for making their
teeth fall out as a side effect
patients start to stand which lockhart
thinks is in support of him but they are
all actually going against him as they
slowly approach him saying that they are
unwell
they all crowd around lockhart until he
passes out
later we see that lockhart wakes up in a
chamber where he is stuck in a coffin
sort of machine vollmer forces a tube
down his throat and uses the ill-filled
liquid to put into his body where the
eels filter out the vitamins that vulmer
has all his patients take
lockhart has his teeth fixed and appears
to be changed just like the rest of the
patients stuck in a delusion that he is
unwell
volmer throws a party that night with
the patients and staff
he even gives hannah a new dress for the
occasion
in his room lockhart starts to come to
his senses as he thinks about when
watkins told him about the baron he
finds a portrait that was taken a while
after the fire there is also a note
saying she doesn't know
lockhart breaks the portrait and uses a
glass to magnify one subject in the
picture a man with bandages all over his
face
what the portrait didn't show was the
man holding hands with a little girl
hannah
vollmer brings hannah into a room by the
transfusion wing
there he has kept a portrait of his
sister who was also hannah's mother
fulmer tells hannah that as now she has
grown up they have to intercourse
together for the sake of baron's
bloodline
lockhart breaks out of his room and
first encounters the caretaker who
attacks him until lockhart causes steam
to blow in his face before he bludgeons
the caretaker to death
lockhart then finds volmer and saves
hannah lockhart in vulmar fight warren
volmer pulls off the skin from his face
to reveal himself as the hideously
scarred baron
the vitamins have been keeping him and
hannah alive for well over a century
lockhart leads volmer into a trap where
he dropped a bunch of fuel leading
lockhart to set a fire
fullmer catches fire and then sets fire
to the curtains as he tries to
extinguish himself
the fire then spreads up toward the rest
of the castle
lockhart tries to free hannah but bulmer
attacks him
volmer drags lockhart near the eel pool
and prepares to kill him but hannah
takes a shovel and swings it down into
volmer's head he stumbles backwards and
falls into the pool to become eel food
lockhart and hannah escape just as the
patients and staff flee the burning
castle they take hannah's bike and ride
away
on the road they are stopped by a car
green hollis and wilson step out
ordering lockhart to get in the car
when they ask about pembroke lockhart
says he is gone
t
hey tell him to get in again but he
refuses
in the end we see hollis asking lockhart
what's wrong with him
lockhart responds that he is feeling
much better
he and hannah continue riding away into
the night
with a sinister smile forming on
lockhart's face
hope you enjoyed the movie
thanks for watching